.TH archivist 1 "February 06, 2011" "version 0.5" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME 
.TP 
archivist \- network device configuration archiving daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS 
.TP
.B archivist [-v] [-d] [-c config_file] [-h]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Archivist is a network device config archivig daemon. It can archive and version text configuration from various network devices, like routers or switches by Cisco, Juniper, or Brocade/Foundry. Archivist uses Subversion as revision control system.
Archivist can work (simultaneously) in two modes: 
.PP
1. Scheduled config archiving at a time/date specified in configuration file.
.PP
2. Syslog-triggered config archiving - versioning triggered by syslog message from the device (ie. Cisco's SYS-5-CONFIG_I).
.PP
After installation, Archivist is configured by creating empty Subversion repository, 
editing the options in the configuration file 
.B archivist.conf, 
adding some devices to device database file
.B router.db,
and starting the daemon (usually without any options). 
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-v
show program version and compiled in options 
.TP
\-d
start in debug mode - this option will not detach Archivist from the terminal, and will print a lot of debugging information to standard output
.TP
\-m
dump memory usage stats to archivist logfile every 24h - for memory leak debugging purposes
.TP
\-c 
specify alternate location of config file (default is /usr/local/etc/archivist.conf)
.TP
\-h
display avaliable options
.PP
.SH FILES AND DIRECTORIES
Archivist compiled in basic version uses plaintext files as configuration and device databases. 
.TP
.B /usr/local/etc/archivist.conf
Main program configuration file (default location).
.TP
.B /usr/local/share/archivist/router.db
Default location of plaintext database of versioned devices.
Format of the database is as follows:
device_group:device_name:device_type:auth_set_name:access_method
.TP
.B /usr/local/share/archivist/helpers
Default location of helper expect scripts (should be installed during "make install").
.TP
.B /usr/local/var/archivist.log
Default location of a daemon log file.
.TP
.B /usr/local/var/config_changelog.log
Default location of a config changelog file.
.SH AUTHOR 
.TP
Wojtek Mitus (woytekm (at) gmail.com)
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
archivist.conf(5) - main archivist config file.

